Frequently Asked Questions, as copied from the Paradox Forums.

What era is the mod set in?
The mod starts during the 2nd Era, a couple of decades after the Potentate has fallen and Tamriel has shattered into hundreds of petty warring states however the end date of the mod is approximately 300 years after the Stormcloak Rebellion.

What bookmarks are available?
Right now the mod has a basic 2nd Era Interregnum Bookmark, set around 2E450. This was chosen as the first bookmark as it's a period unknown currently in the lore save for that it was one of chaos, and so is perfect for us to play around with while we work on the systems needed for later bookmarks.

Why the Interregnum?
Prior to ESO's announcement, the Interregnum was known only through in-game lore and tidbits on wikis, and was thus an easy point for us to pick up and develop from. With the existing lore, we are able to not only include a large chunk of actual ES canon, but we also had a largely free hand when it came to setting up how the majority of the world appears, and what dynasties and characters exist.

Can I play Tiber Septim!?!
Currently no, Tiber Septim will however be available when we move on to a bookmark around his time. That said you can recreate his life work if you want and form the Empire of Tamriel with your own character and dynasty.

Are all parts of Tamriel playable?
Yes, the entire continent of Tamriel is included, as are the surrounding islands (Solstheim, Vvardenfell, Summerset) and "expanded universe" lands such as Pyandonea and Akavir.

Why is Summerset called Alinor (or Why is -Insert Place- called -Insert Name-)?
To enhance the feel of certain parts of the world, we have chosen to use names as close to their native names as possible. The Altmer for example refer to Summerset as Alinor, and Resdayn was the original name of the pre-Empire Dunmer realm within Morrowind (and thus Altmer and certain other cultures, Ashlanders for example, will call it Resdayn should they take it).

Is it possible to play a Daedra worshipper?
Yes, Reachmen worship a kind of "unified" pantheon of Daedra rather than a specific one and the Orcs available in the first bookmark worship Malakath. You can also ruler design your own character to follow another Prince.

Will there be magic, vampires, werewolves, etc?
Yes, we intend to include Vampires, Werewolves and so on. There is also a basic spell system in the mod but it is going to be rewritten in the near future.

How will you handle the different races intermarrying, having children?
Different races can intermarry but they receive fertility negatives upon marriage making having a child almost impossible (Orsimer+Man can still procreate however, the negative isn't as strong with them for example). Should a child be born to a non-compatible couple, such as Khajiit+Bosmer, it will gain the "Abomination" trait and will die shortly after.

What about portraits?
The mod currently includes new portrait sets for the Argonians, Mer Races and the Potun, we also have a full Khajiit set currently in production and a replacement Orc set is likely on the horizon. Depending on how things pan out, the next few versions should see beast portraits for the Tang Mo and Tsaesci, a "Demon" set for the Kamal, and hopefully a Dremora and Falmer set.

Can I join the team!?
Sure! We could always use more talent. If you have modding knowledge such as event/decision scripting, artistic talent (for portraits, interface, event pictures or flags) we'd love to hear from you, feel free to contact Korba here on the Paradox Forums, or via steam (simply search for Korba or the Elder Kings Mod steam group). If you're more of an idea guy you can still help out with the mod by being active here in our subforum and posting your ideas and suggestions

Does this mod require any DLC?
The mod requires Legacy of Rome, and to get the full enjoyment out of it we recommend the Republic and the African, Mongol, Russian and Norse portrait sets.

Can I play Vivec/Sotha Sil/Almalexia/Some other living God Character?
No, we took the decision early on to not include playable God Characters as this would cause severe imbalance in the world. Ruler Designer however allows you to create a character of roughly equivalent talents as Vivec if you so wish.

Will you be converting Morrowind to a Republic?
No, after much discussion we decided not to turn Morrowind into a Republic. This would limit the Dunmer too much in playability for users without the Republic DLC, as just one of the reasons why we chose not to.

Will children always have the race and graphicalculture of their mother?
No, that is a hardcoded element of CK2 and not open to modding.

Will you ever include start dates prior to the 2E Interregnum Bookmark?
No.

Are the flags with white question marks intentional?
Yes, they are used as placeholders until we have a completed flag for the title.

Is this mod dead?
It's not dead, it's just sleeping.
Seriously, no it's not.

How do I obtain the Amulet of Kings?
Currently you have to deploy your Steward on Sancre Tor with the "Survey" job action or use the ambition to obtain the amulet.