Clan mothers Society - Saffron's Notes/2019

Meant as a prototype of a passive society - where the player doesn't join, but gets his people in. The societies atm are more active where the player joins and undertakes actions, rising up in the society and getting stat boosts, missions, opening up more actions etc.
A passive society is where he gets his follower in, and generates events, decisions, artifacts, missions - more of things to do/ rule and administer their kingdom aside from conquering and building things. 
In any world there are organizations like local churches, clubs, associations which wield considerable power and are the ones running the show at local levels, who the Rulers try to influence to build up their own power. 
The ruler cannot be part of every such organization due to only so many hours in a day/ mind space/ perceptions so not to generate jealousy and through jealousy opposition, hence they get their underlings into such organizations. Besides in case things go wrong, they can have a fall guy.

Now the Clan Mother Society is part of Khajit civilization, whose power wanes and waxes depending on their relation to the Manes, rulers, general state of Tamriel. They are like an honored and beloved group of powerful grandmothers who have their own idea of what a good kittie should be - and that includes the mane. 

They are meant for elderly and prestigious noble matriarchs. Great achievers of common stock are also included, but most of the society is full of the old families. They spend their time travelling from one court to the other, giving out advice and getting pampered. 
Think of them as the aunts of Bertie and Wooster - sometimes well meaning but always over bearing. One should be careful of how to say no to them. But in times of crisis, especially when general khajiit civilization is threatened, they can be a powerful asset to rouse up the populace. 

So in terms of mechanics - 

Interactions will be through the clan mother you installed. As she rises, better for you. Some requests come through her from the general society, for example -

1. If traditional khajiit lands are threatened, they could boost levies, give powerful generals. In case of intra khajiit wars - apply bonuses/malus to morale, levy numbers, public order, tax rates.
2. If pissed off, most khajiit except the cynical etc. will think less of you. Who insults a grandmother, seriously?
3. If mollycoddled too much, they will start interfering more and more - by asking for favors - get their favourite kittie into court, never mind that kittie is a over ambitious inept fool, who starts scheming the moment he arrives in court. Or ask for expensive baubles like expensive foreign tours (the Summerset Court has cordially invited the Clan mothers, but many of the Clan Mothers pleasure boats are in repair (not classy enough) and do not match the Altmer escort ships - so will the player build them a grand yatch?)
4. They will often give unwanted advice pissing off your wife and others in court - thus playing the overbearing mother in law role. Your wife may demand you get rid of them soon - but how? You will need to find a suitable fool to host them. If you a female and the clan mother is of your clan, then expect your husband to disappear on long hunting trips.
5. But they can especially useful in arranging matches and in matters of romance. Which auntie doesn't love setting up people and claiming all the credit for it. 
6. If the society is more tradition dominated, they may act conservative. If society is learning dominated, they may be open to more changes.
7. They act as a source of stability in khajiit society, so can useful in acts where society needs to come together - whether contributing to great projects of building, managing threats like invasion, natural disasters like floods etc.

Society Clothing - 
1. More luxurious Sets